I know it welcome back to another video
I hope you didn't really good I shop on
Amazon Prime literally potentially every
other day I feel like back in the day
used to go to like super drug or boots
to get all like your beauty bits and
whatnot and it's always Amazon Prime now
for me so I'm going to go through some
of like my fitness favorites off Amazon
that I've mentioned in so many my videos
and also just like some like lifestyle
home bits of everything Beauty skincare
just everything like I get my everything
I seem to get so much farmers in the
whole gets thrown into it I'd really
appreciate if you could like this video
it really helps my channel when I was
tied up my filming stitch today I was
thinking why did I get an open wardrobe
everyone warned me like makes very
difficult to keep organized and like
looking tired no like nah it's fine all
my clothes are white 110 to 10:00 at
night and it came the next day at like
11:00 awesome I'm going to show you some
new stuff that I've already like tried
out but also I may as well show you it's
sort of like my favorites that I've had
for a hot minute this which is a barbell
pad I looked on reviews it had really
good ones and it was like Amazon's best
rated if you go to the gym and you're
lifting weights make sure you've got a
really good one so exactly what I've
been looking for because oh it's so
annoying when you're in the gym and
you're training legs and you're trying
to hit this and obviously like the only
usually have like a couple of these in
the gym and if you're there at peak
times there's just no chance and I've
use like exercise mat on my hips before
and I was like no just need to get on of
my own so this is really good to bring
along and and completely saves your hits
like I've had bruises on my hips before
from using like the thin ones but really
don't do much so this is my first
must-have and every gym girl needs this
in their life especially if you're
trying to like increase your weights and
stuff you'll find this a lot easier you
can also use this for doing squats as
well to protect your back it's personal
preference though like for me I don't
actually like using these whilst I'm
doing squats don't quite know why and
but I have found when I first started
out in the gym I could go heavier when I
was using this really good as well if
you don't feel completely balanced just
yet so that's a good start
and I'll make sure
link all these down below now the next
thing is a silk pillowcase which I swear
by it's supposed to be really good for
your skin hair like just keeping things
from right breakages the only thing is
washing them is a bit of a problem for
me because I think to fry them like I
put them on like within 90 degree wash
like like fake tan and stuff and they do
kind of disintegrate so don't go buying
like the most expensive one unless
you've got time to like wash silk it
comes in a package - I don't mind
sleeping on silk pillowcases I can't
sleep in a silk duvet cover light just
oh it sounds like shivers down my spine
and I find it really hard to get like a
good temperature that was a little bit
cold in a silk do they but the pillow is
absolutely fine the next thing is this
shia moisture shampoo and conditioner
I've got the Draken black castor oil
strengthen and restore shampoo so I was
trying to look for a really good sulfate
and paraben free shampoo and conditioner
because I figured my shampoo that been
using has got a lot quite a lot of
stress so when I was searching for like
a new good one on a reviews and stuff
these came up with brand seems really
like high reviewed at the moment scent
to give this try so it's four natural
chemical processed or heat styled hair
it's all fair in color free so if you
follow me for a while you'll know that
I've like I've completely stopped
putting a heat on my hair at the moment
last time for heat on my hair was no
joke in December awesome and crazy
that's the longest in my whole 21 years
of life so we're doing well so far I've
just got to keep it up right now
don't you find I'm gonna go off on a
tangent here but I'm gonna try keep it
short but I looked back at my old
pictures and I had like such long thick
hair and then I started bleaching it and
it's like it's gosh so sure and I'm so
annoyed with myself because I don't
think you realize when you in the
process of so I'll keep you posted on
how I got on with this so do talk quite
a lot about like hair and skincare and
then the condition I super through
ten-in-one multi benefit shampoos marula
oil and bio that smells nicer that's
like a bit stronger as well and these
were really reasonably priced as well
I think they were about 10 pounds each I
must have picked up three of these
I didn't read together as well I do seem
to go through shampoo conditioner quite
quick I think when you go to the gym as
well I'm constantly having to like wash
my hair which is sometimes annoying so
I've got this restorative conditioner
with seek help and argan oil all that
smells lovely I think this is a bit more
intense that smells really nice it's
like a bit lemony or like a really fresh
smell then the next thing is I've used
this castor oil for about a year so I've
put it on the face like once a week and
also on my eyebrows good for keeping
things like thick and healthy so I
really recommend this and this is one of
our Holy Grail products then the next
thing I got in this box is a dashboard
and magnetic mount so I've got a new car
and there is nowhere to like put my
phone on I'm like a granular I've got to
have like a phone mount this is a
magnetic one and you don't need a case
fridge just to plant your phone on they
had it in silver and black and I just
got a black woman it's just really small
it's not gonna ruin you know at the
dashboard or anything and then I got
this vanilla car freshener I really
really like this little smell I just
like hide it in the back and like oh
yeah and it's really strong as when I
can't like these Jelly Belly winds I
don't really like the packaging some
reason like I'm not too keen on that
itself but not the packaging but like
the actual thing I wish it was like a
bit smaller or something but yeah I
really like this for my Carson and
vanilla is like my favorite smell as
well I like Coke for my wardrobe I've
tried to get all matching hangers I just
think it looks really tiny like
especially in like a wardrobe room and
so I've got all these off Amazon and
some reason I just seem to need so many
hangers like I've always run out of
space so I've been ordering these quite
often and they're just like a pack for
white hangers they're just like wooden
so aesthetically pleasing in a wardrobe
so yeah these are really good I mean
like I plan to go and get a no I'll just
forget so it's nice to collect these and
I went to my friend's house through the
week and she had these like really cool
cups and they're basically these ones
she didn't get my bangs and
surely they're like these double glass
like double walled coffee cups I drink
so much coffee and like tea and
everything and they just look really
cool so I'll show you it I had a coffee
of so they came in a pack of to you and
I think they're like three pounds so
really really cheap and it just looks
really cool don't know why like I'm
obsessive or anything like that and
coffee cups and like glasses of my
favorite laughter on that topic so I got
these of farmers in as well and they're
just like these gold bending straws like
metal straws and I drink all my hot
drinks out of a straw and I take these
with me as well and they come in like a
pack of a and you get I think you've got
like a little something something that
you can pop on the top of like the math
pit area but I don't mind drinking out
of like the meta obviously like really
sustainable and I've had these for
months now take them over over me I took
them on holiday with me and yeah
and I quite like the gold color they're
coming like no different cause wow
they're all really funky on Amazon so
yeah I think these are something I use
every single day and that's something
else I got was like this jewelry holder
so like just it'll just slide in like
one of these which I thought was really
cool cuz I have all my jewelry in a box
but for some reason when it's in a box
and ever end up wearing it whereas I
feel like you have got it on display and
in the morning I can just like pick
something off there and I'm so glad for
that I don't really wear much jewelry
and it just makes such a difference like
all the little details rings and stuff
in there and then there's like a little
hanging thing just up here I thought it
looked quite fancies were like it
reminds me of like a watch shop here are
my favorite pre-workout now I've tried
so many pre workouts like on the market
so many different brands and it's always
something I've struggled with finding
one that like doesn't taste oh oh
basically I just find that they all
taste so like packed with sweeteners and
just nasty but these ones of have both
sweeteners in but they taste really
really good and I mentioned this in one
of my recent videos this one and but I
had searched better workouts like having
had pre-workout try not to use more than
like
scoop and a half in wooden because
otherwise like I feel like I'm wired for
the next few hours but yeah this is the
Cola Cola flavor really nice also
they've got berries one which is good
like they're all reach a ste and then
watermelon which is my favorite at the
minute and pre-workout doesn't make all
the difference but just be careful if it
gives you like a bit of anxiety because
sometimes you can get a little bit shaky
and jittery and then I also got this
vitamin D spray if you live in the UK or
somewhere that doesn't go much like
sunlight and then I'd recommend one of
these because I see you getting very
limited to know a bit of Indian on a
daily so this is just like a one spray
thing I already take like quite a few
like tablet vitamin so I just wanted
something that was like more a spray and
it tears really nice actually it's just
like a peppermint peppermint flavor they
are a little bit expensive though but
yeah really worth it anyway guys that
brings us to the end of this video if
you aren't already don't forget to
subscribe I have loads of like fitness
foodie lifestyle a bit of everything
over on my channel so I'd love it if you
stuck around and hit this video of Ally
if you haven't already and I'll see you
guys in the next video